In Docker, containers can communicate with each other based on the network configuration. When you have two containers connected to different networks,
they cannot communicate directly unless specific configurations are made. Here's how the scenario you described works:

Default Bridge Network: The login container is connected to the default bridge network. This network allows containers to communicate with each other if they are on the same network,
                        but it does not allow communication with containers on different networks by default.

Custom Bridge Network: The payment container is connected to a custom bridge network. Similar to the default bridge network,
                       containers on this custom network can communicate with each other, but they cannot communicate with containers on other networks unless explicitly configured.

Communication Between Containers
Since the login container and the payment container are on different networks, they cannot communicate directly. Here are a few ways to enable communication between them:

Using Host Networking: If you run one of the containers with the host network mode, it can communicate with the other container using the host's network stack.
                       However, this approach has its own implications and is generally not recommended for production environments.

Docker Network Connect: You can connect one container to multiple networks. For example, you can connect the login container to the custom bridge network that the payment container is on.
                        This can be done using the docker network connect command:

bash

Verify
Copy code
docker network connect <custom_bridge_network> <login_container_name>
API Gateway or Reverse Proxy: You can set up an API gateway or a reverse proxy (like Nginx) that both containers can communicate with.
The gateway can route requests from the login container to the payment container.

Service Discovery: If you are using an orchestration tool like Docker Swarm or Kubernetes, you can leverage service discovery features to allow containers to communicate across different networks.

Environment Variables or Configuration Files: You can pass the necessary connection details (like IP addresses or hostnames)
                                              through environment variables or configuration files, but this requires that you know the IP addresses or hostnames of the containers.

Conclusion
In summary, the login and payment containers cannot communicate directly due to being on different Docker networks.
You will need to implement one of the above methods to enable communication between them. The choice of method depends on your specific use case, architecture, and requirements.
